Correctness: 2/4
Efficiency: 2/4
Style: 4/4
Documentation: 3/4

Aspects of the submission that was good:
This was a good submission overall. Your use of comments really assisted me reading and understanding
your code. You made great use of indentation, this makes the code more readable. Your variables are very 
well named and meaningful, the variables explains exactly what the data is. You limited the amount of code used to complete this task,
this shows you have a great understanding of the task at hand.

Improvements:
You have 9 errors in your code, but in actual fact you will find that you only need to fix 3 errors and the rest will resolve.
In line 5 you are creating a function yet you use const and make an arrow fuction. Typescritpt does not understand this code. 
You need to remove the const and replace it with function, then remove all the unneccessary code to make it a normal function.
The second error on line 19n needs some attention, remember that when you created the function with the parameters you did not 
cast the 1st parameter to any, to fix this error you need to do this on line 19n and the error should resolve. The final error 
is on line 51, this is a common error especiallly for someone coming from python. In Typescript you cannot use print, you need 
to use console.log instead. 

There is one more aspect that needs some attention, this is the way you write comments. Try to make you comments describe what Your
code does and not say what the code is. For eg. do not comment saying this is a variable. This is bad commenting and does not help
the person reading your code. You need to rather explain what you are trying to do with a certain piece of code. Also when it comes 
to a block of code do not write a comment for each line or apect of the block or function. Rather explain in one commment what you are 
intending to use this block of code for and what the purpose is.

Overall Feedback:
This was a great first submission and an exelent learning curve, you are really progressing well. I can see that you understand Typescript
but remember practice makes perfect. Fix all the errors I mentioned and resubmit this task and I will be happy to have another look.